what's going on guys and welcome today
to a second man of the match name our
pink slip i paid near enough 5 million
for him but I'm not really too fast
about losing the player at this point of
FIFA I'll be more pissed about losing
the game to be honest with you am at
this point it's kind of got to the point
wallet yeah what I was going to say was
at this point it's got to the fuck you
know I can't speak properly but
basically it's more about you guys just
taking what you can off of me at this
point of FIFA I'm as opposed to me
trying to like keep them because I don't
play the game really that much anymore
but before I begin if you are looking to
buy any cheaper reliable coins check out
food for coin statues link will be in
the description so yeah i'm using the
five at the back team because i can't
really play left four door right forward
in any other type of formation and i
plus I already have the team ready side
just for fuck it we'll play it with this
a couple of days ago I did pink slip
man-of-the-match Robin and River II but
I won the game five nil and it wasn't
really a very entertaining game so if
this video hits a six hundred to a
thousand lights are pink slip them both
again tomorrow or the next day so be
sure to smash the like button and I
still got a full team of the year to
pink slip as well I'm not really too
sure when I'm going to do it but before
the demo comes out anyway I'm sorry I'm
gonna send a invite to the guy now I
asked on Twitter for people to retweet
and follow and yeah I'm just going to
send them an invite i just picked the
guy just one of the people that appeared
so we'll jump into the game now oh
reallys in a silver team against me fuck
whoa counter-attack time who's there
fuck is this could slow me down to n
minus K what a tank oh my god how did he
save that are Gustavo come on he's on
fire that's a corner
oh my piss off oh it's Neymar Neymar
what's Louise doing up here into whoever
this is and he scored there we go 1-nil
11th minute I didn't even know who it
was I knew Gert how is this key for so
good who's he going than that on the
team that's leading by one go come on
you pube head because it was a quick
counter-attack but the opposition oh she
did it so much now don't trap me don't
trap me don't travel fuck off my ship
date
fucking how it went for his legs quick
ball
fuck fuck diskeeper what's wrong with
him it should be like five nil by now it
really fucking should come onto welliton
you've got this son don't fuck this up
come on there we go to one well executed
come on he saves everything I swear to
god he's got fucking attribute card or
some shit on him it on the fly what are
you doing that was great common dead a
buy it he diskeeper is the best keeper
on the fucking game look at how many say
how is he doing it 5050 this one he
twisted it definitely going and buying
him after this I'm not sure he can carry
on thanks i buy the player who stopped
that pass catching his team oh no what
fuck have I done who is dogged ya get a
fuck on the floor you pussy everybody be
up for the corner for the equalizing
charts come on heading out don't be a
cup of a cunt yes corn
shit you know this could be the last no
way he's gonna fucking nuts corner no
come on I fucking got the boy prick fuck
off
no how did he do let's off after fucking
pay extra time and you we have to
fucking happen in the 90th minute as
well why couldn't you flatten scored
earlier for Santana you've got this come
on fucking
teammates giving him some attacking
support now why shit always fucking
happens lots of it fucking them fuck off
no way how are you all so fast all of a
sudden what the fuck anyhow he fucking
wins now water fucking idiot position
what I'm not 40 there they were what a
strike yeah come on hey we're back in
this I keep rank so if he now is easier
prey come on Neymar you've got this how
has he saved it with all the time are
here we fucking go was he stopped foot
you prick you fucking cost me the whole
game here oh my you peace in hobbling
your old man I just hunting down what
are you doing no fuck off I'm not losing
to a fucking Tramp haha fine no way
fucking deserve to win this game to a
shitty silver tea how is it stuck I hate
this fucking console why the fuck is the
screen black now I just came fucking
console shit right so I'm gonna send
over name on now ah there we go over he
goes done right so yeah I've sent over
the card that's pretty much the end of
the video if you could drop a like I'd
appreciate that follow me on twitter if
you want to play more pink slips and
whatnot and yeah that's pretty much the
end of the video I guess thanks for
watching like I said if it hits like six
two thousand six hundred to a thousand
likes then I'll pink slip Robin and
reburied together so yeah that's pretty
much the end of the video thanks for
watching I have said like four times now
and goodbye